Hello

This Script will sign the rtlwifi WiFi drivers by lwfinger. 


##############################################################################################################################################################
DISCLAIMER
This code has not undergone extensive testing. Proceed with caution. I would recommend running the script by navilg from https://github.com/navilg/rtl8723be in order to fix any issues pertaining to low WiFi signal strength as is common to these WiFi cards on Linux. 

Also, please take a backup of your data with a tool such as 'systemback' as since the script is modifying your kernels, it may have unexpected consequences. 
##############################################################################################################################################################


1 . Why do we need to sign the modules?
	Without signing the modules, Linux will not enable them when Secure Boot is enabled. Of course, you can disable secure boot. But, if you're like me who wasn't very comfortable with this. I decided to take the long way around and sign the modules. I have tested the script on my PC and is working 100% (Ubuntu 18.04.1 LTS and rtl8723be)

2 . How does it work?
	We use MOKs (Machine Owner Key) which is a type of key that is generated by the user and is used to sign an EFI binary (in our case a .ko kernel module). A program called SHIM manages this delicate process. This script will generate a key using openSSL. We will sign kernel modules using this key. Afterwards, this key will be enrolled into shim. 

##############################################################################################################################################################

Steps
1. Go to the download path and extract the zip file

2. Open the extracted folder

3. Go inside the folder and run the "sb.sh" script

4. Make sure you have this program installed
 
   mokutil : To install, use 'sudo apt install mokutil'

5. Now we will run the script in the tutorial. cd to the directory and run 
	"bash sb.sh"

6. It will ask for your passwords to run the programs as superuser

7. Follow the instructions and enter required details

8. Reboot and Enroll the key through MOKManager (Follow Instructions on Screen)

##############################################################################################################################################################
